Keeping the Secret of Genetic Testing
What is the genetic risk ?
Genetic risk refers more your chance of passing on a genetic disorder or disease .
People get certain diseases because of changes .
How much genetic change tell us about your chance of developing the disorder is not always clear .
If your genetic results indicate that you have a gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it does not mean that you will definitely develop heart disease .
The opposite is true .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it is still possible that you develop heart disease .
However , for some rare diseases , people who have a certain gene changes are subjected to develop the disease .
When we are diagonosed out with certain genetic disease , we are supposed to disclose the result to relatives ?
My answer is .
On the one hand , we do not want this potential danger caused firghtenning affects in our families ' later life .
When people around us know that we got certain diseases , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring for us too much or keeping away from us .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these problems .
It is a question that will be with us during our whole life , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb' ' will explode .
On the other hand , if there are ways can help us to control or cure the disease , we can go through thses process from the scope of the whole family .
For example , if exercising is helpful for family potential diseases , we can always look for more chances for the family to exercise .
And we keep track of all family members health conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members got the disease .
Here I want to share Forest'view this issue .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
In fact , require someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
"
Nothing is absolutely right or wrong .
If a certain disease genetic test is very accurate and are unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others , it is OK to disclose results .
Above all , life is more important than the secret .
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
After all , what affects one family may or may not affect another although the family has a common genetic make up , shared by either of the parents .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , disclosing or otherwise , to his or her relatives is solely a matter of preference within indivdial moral system .
The issue of an right to know or not to know is highly debatable although it is a genetic risk , one can not be entire sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of both parents - his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts or cousin .
