Keeping the Secret of Genetic Testing
What is the genetic risk ?
Genetic risk refers more your chance of passing on a genetic disorder or disease .
People get certain diseases because of changes .
How much genetic change tell us about your chance of developing the disorder is not always clear .
If your genetic results indicate that you have a gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it does not mean that you will definitely develop heart disease .
The opposite is true .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it is still possible that you develop heart disease .
However , for some rare diseases , people who have a certain gene changes are subjected to develop the disease .
When we are diagonosed out with certain genetic disease , we are supposed to disclose the result to relatives ?
My answer is .
On the one hand , we do not want this potential danger caused firghtenning affects in our families ' later life .
When people around us know that we got certain diseases , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring for us too much or keeping away from us .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these problems .
It is a question that will be with us during our whole life , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb' ' will explode .
On the other hand , if there are ways can help us to control or cure the disease , we can go through thses process from the scope of the whole family .
For example , if exercising is helpful for family potential diseases , we can always look for more chances for the family to exercise .
And we keep track of all family members health conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members got the disease .
Here I want to share Forest'view this issue .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
In fact , require someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
"
Nothing is absolutely right or wrong .
If a certain disease genetic test is very accurate and are unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others , it is OK to disclose results .
Above all , life is more important than the secret .
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
After all , what affects one family may or may not affect another although the family has a common genetic make up , shared by either of the parents .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , disclosing or otherwise , to his or her relatives is solely a matter of preference within indivdial moral system .
The issue of an right to know or not to know is highly debatable although it is a genetic risk , one can not be entire sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of both parents - his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts or cousin .
This also means that as soon a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurently has a knowledge of others .
This knowledge may be relavant to them , and vice versa .
An example may serve as an illustration is breast cancer .
It is hereditary .
Do people who suffer from this disease keep it a secret of in front of their relatives ?
In retrospect , it is also one 's duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks in their own .
Sometimes the family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication .
Depending on who the genetic risk was discovered from : the son or daughter , for example , the parents who knows about this would decide who gets told and who takes the precedence in being 'allowed ' to tell .
For example , within a family , regardless of who first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on the information to any offspring , either adult at risk .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information as they not want to know .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
The notion of authority has also 'vertically' .
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on the information than an aunt , even when she is not at genetic risk herself while aunt is .
From a practitioner 's perspective these findings are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct they may not be in line with geneticists ' views of family relationships , or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to those who may benefit from such information and assisting those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal morals and the nature of how 'directive ' the risk is to them .
People with close blood relationship generally carry some similar genes .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell their close relatives about the issue and let others know about the risk so that his/her familay members are able to perform some daily excess to prevent potential disease or they may go to the hospital and check for the correspongding flows .
In my opinion , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self privacy , it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent potential disease .
I agree with this statement .
Focus on the negative side of annouance of genetic risk first .
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it a secret as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance to carry certain diseases .
Especially for young people without marriage , if he/she is known to have some genetic risk , it may have certain chance that his/her child would carry the same disease , but not in certain .
Therefore , to keep the information as a secret to his/her future spouce would help the relationship .
Secondly , annouance the potential risk would cause the family members to be scared of this particular issue , although the factor would not be that serious , people would still fear that they would have some potential diseases in the future thus go to the hospital and additional check or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease , and this creates unnecessary costs to the family .
Furthermore , the annouance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance to get the potential disease .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept a secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extent and help to keep their privacy , but it has a much larger negative impacts on the family members and relatives .
First , in the case of marriage , people should be honest and tell their spouce they may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offspring .
It is better to let the other party know than after the baby is born and certain types of genetic disease is found .
It is better for both parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic disease has a close relationship with the birth gene together with their daily habits .
For example , if a carrier is told that he/she has the possibility to have diabetes .
In this case , the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake too much sugars , and at the same time , if the carrier tell this information to the relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future because of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not know , they may end up with having diabete in the future without any accident .
In conclusion , we can tell you the benefits of revealing the genetic risk to the carriers relatives outweigh the costs .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives , in order to let them know and prevent potential disease through daily exercise .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large number of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic factors .
Genetic disorders may or may not be hirataged hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find one have these kinds of diseases .
It is a long discussion whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by genes .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no but from the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
We ca n't make a law to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell their relatives about his genetic problem .
It is immoral and impractical .
Firstly , someone having what kind of disease relating to his or her privacy .
Privicy protection belong to their human rights .
If the law requires someone to tell others ' his or her privacy , especially when the one is not willing to do so .
It is against his human rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
The law 's spirit also include fairness .
What is the basic difference between genetic disorders and other disorders .
It is unfair to release a law only point to a genetic disorder .
In addition , it is impractical to make a law .
A good law should be clear and easy to execute .
However , there are many problems with the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her ralatives the cause of his or her diseases .
Firstly , the range of relatives ?
For example , does the carrier only need to tell their direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
If you say only need to tell direct relatives , it would be against the fairness of the law .
Other relatives have the same possibilities to have this kind of disease .
How can a law made by government exempt a group of people from preparing to face their potetial disease ?
However , the ethical point of view .
To the carrier himself of herself , he of she should have a feeling of resposiblity to tell his or her relatives their genetic disorder .
By doing this ,they may be able to save the lives of their relatives .
It is because the carrier with bad gene not necessarily have the genetic disease , if they can have coresponding healthy lifestyle before the age that the gene 's functions become stronger .
A typical example is the genetic causes hypertension .
hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in the blood which can cause hypertension .
People usually get this kind of hypertesion after they become adults .
However , if they already know they have a gene that may make them have more possibilities to get hypertension .
They can build a daily habit to eat less salt and fat and thus to prevent hypertension .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't push genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives but he or she should be willing to tell their relatives about their genetic problem .
By doing so , less of their beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
In the age of rapid technological advancement , a lot of medical breakthroughs are made possible .
